https://www.sudosatirical.com/

visudo (see also vipw) /etc/sudoers

Put the general rule first, followed by the exception:

	anna ALL=/etc/passwd, !/etc/passwd root

man 5 sudoers

Order of rules in `sudoers` matters. Last match wins? (Test this.)

The "host" section of a `sudoers` entry is matched against the name of the
host `sudo` is run. The point is that a single `sudoers` file, copied to
multiple hosts, can be used to configure privileges for all the hosts. One
host will just ignore privileges specified for another host.

..And if you were gonna do something like this, it's even more important that
you manage it in a `/etc/sudoers.d/` drop-in.

Consider creating drop-in files in /etc/sudoers.d.
! Because /etc/sudoers is installed from packages and may be overwritten. But
drop-in files will not be overwritten.

Therefore (`-s` for "strict"):

	visudo -s -f /etc/sudoers.d/user-or-group

And consider building a custom restricted admin group for specific
administration tasks. So instead of `usermod -aG wheel newusername` you'd wind
up doing something like `sudo usermod -aG restricted_admins newusername`.

If you don't like entering your password all the time for `sudo`, add:

	Defaults timestamp_type=global,timestamp_timeout=60

..to a file like `/etc/sudoers.d/timeout`.

`timestamp_timeout` is in minutes.

A token is generated for `sudo` that by default lasts 5 minutes. Tokens are
stored in `/var/run/sudo/ts/`. They might be put in there via PAM if `sudo` is
so configured. Learn more here: https://github.com/nongiach/sudo_inject

Use `-k` to make sure you need a password next time you use `sudo`. Good for
troubleshooting.
