* Universal Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) replaces BIOS.
* Allows booting from disks larger than 2T.
* Normally used with GUID Partition Table (GPT). GPT is also usable with BIOS.
* Provides Secure Boot.
* Operating systems register themselves with the UEFI firmware.
	* Unlike BIOS, there's no need to scan for bootable devices.
  * The action comes from the OS, where the OS registers itself in the
    firmware as the next thing to boot.
  * An EFI system partition is required to boot. The EFI replaces "stage 1"
    booting on MBR systems. In MBR the first sector on disk contains boot
    information. In EFI systems that information is on the EFI system
    partition.
* With UEFI, secure boot is normally enabled.
	* Secure boot denies writes to the UEFI firmware.
	* Secure boot is basically a protection against viruses.
	* Writes are only allowed if UEFI-approved keys are used.
  * On RedHat, `grub2-install` will write a bootable target to the UEFI
    firmware with the name `grubx64.efi` and this will cause system boot to
    fail, as the UEFI firmware should contain the `shim.efi` file.
  * To reinstall GRUB2 on UEFI systems, use `dnf reinstall grub2-efi shim`
    from a rescue system. The shim file contains the keys needed for secure
    booting.
  * Optionally, also use `grub2-mkconfig -o /boot/efi/EFI/redhat/grub.cfg` to
    restore the GRUB configuration file.
	* `shim.efi` is the default UEFI boot target on RHEL.
	* From `shim.efi`,  the `grubx54.efi` bootloader is loaded.
	* `shim.efi` is signed with a key that is trusted by most UEFI firmware.
  * The `efibootmgr` tool allows users to manage the available UEFI boot
    targets.
	* `efibootmgr`can list all current boot targets.
	* Active boot entries are marked with a `*`.
	* Use `efibootmgr -v` for more details.
  * Force system to boot into another entry next time it is started using the
    `-n` option: `efibootmgr -n 2c`
  * Alternatively, from the GRUB boot menu, access the UEFI firmware settings
    menu option.

Demo: On Fedora (or a system running UEFI), `lsblk` shows system partitions
including `/boot/efi`.  `xxd -l 512 /dev/sda` shows the boot sector is mainly
empty. `cd /boot/efi` then `tree` to see what's going on in that `/boot/efi`
partition. `mount | grep efi` shows where `/boot/efi` is, and that the
filesystem is `vfat` because it's the filesystem that's readable by all the
main OSes. `efibootmgr` prints list of all boot targets. `efibootmgr -n 0004`
responds with a `BootNext: 0004` confirmation.

Not from Sander:

* EFI needs to be a physical partition, not LVM or RAID
* 100M recommended, 500M good to go
* 
