* GRUB2 uses grub.cfg for booting.
	* Shouldn't be edited directly. Next time you do a kernel update, your update will be gone.
* To apply changes, write them to input file `/etc/default/grub`.
* Then compile changes to the target file: `grub2-mkconfig -o /boot/grub2/grub.cfg`
* Double check where on your distribution the target file is.
* GRUB passwords
	* Boot password protects ability to boot system.
	* Edit password protects ability to enter GRUB boot options
	* Neither protects against booting from external media.
* For RedHat..
	* GRUB's *edit* password uses `grub2-setpassword` which creates `/boot/grub2/user.cfg` with username `root` and hash of encrypted password.
	* GRUB's *boot* password uses `/boot/loader/entries/*`.
	* First set the edit password using `grub2-setpassword`.
	* Then add the line `grub_users root` to the appropriate file in `/boot/loader/entries/`.
		* Use `uname -r` to figure out which file you should edit. (Current running kernel? New installed kernel?)
		* Probably changing line `grub_users $(user)` to `grub_users root`.
	* Save and close the file.
	* Reboot.
* For Ubuntu..
	* GRUB's *boot* password uses `grub2-mkpasswd-pbkdf2`; enter the password, the hash of the encrypted password is printed to the screen.
	* Edit `/etc/grub.d/40_custom` and add:
		* `set superusers="root"`
		* `password_pbkdf2 root grub2.pbkdf2.sha512.10000.0BcAf23...` The hashed password is everything that starts with `grub2.pbkdf2`.
		* Use `grub-mkconfig -o /boot/grub/grub.cfg` to apply the changes.

	
