* GRUB kernel startup parameters:
	* Use `rd.break` or `init=/bin/bash` to enter a troubleshooting environment before [[systemd]] is started.
	* Use `systemd.unit=emergency.target` or `systemd.unit=rescue.target` to enter a [[systemd]] troubleshooting mode.
		* `emergency.target` is early in the startup process with minimal environment.
		* `rescue.target` is the state just before services are started.
* Enable `debug-shell.service` in [[systemd]] and access it through `/dev/tty9` while booting. Press Ctrl-Alt-F9 while booting.

Demo with a device timeouts:

	[ TIME ] Timed out waiting for device /dev/disk/by-uuid/abcdef-...
	[DEPEND] Dependency failed for /boot.
	[DEPEND] Dependency failed for Read-Only Sysroot Migration.

Edit GRUB  to add `systemd.unit=emergency.target` to `linux` line of boot options. The decision to use `systemd.unit` is to try to work within as much of the normal system. The decision to use `emergency.target` instead of `rescue.target` is because the problem of mounting devices comes before service startups.

Then:

	touch myfile  # check that we're in a read-write filesystem
	mount -o remount.rw /  # remount / in read-write mode
	vim /etc/fstab  # eyeball entries
	blkid  # double check against /etc/fstab
	vim /user/lib/systemd/system/systemd-udevd.service
	
In the demo, there was a typo in the `ExecStart` line of `systemd-udevd.service`. After fixing the typo:

	systemctl isolate graphical.target

Why did we know to check `systemd-udevd.service`? Because of [[1.03.03 Managing and Tuning Kernel Modules]]. You just know that [[systemd-udevd]] is the "plug-n-play" component of [[systemd]].