Destroy the MBR (note size 446 from [[1.02.05 Where GRUB is Stored]]):

	dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda bs=1 count=446

After rebooting, wound up with an installation prompt because no filesystem was detected. Hopefully you can use a troubleshooting or rescue disk to see drives.

In the demo, the first attempt was to automatically find a Linux installation and mount it. The found drive was protected by [[LUKS]] and required a passphrase, but attempting to mount the drive failed.

For the second attempt, we jumped to a manual (shell) option. The plan to just get a handle on things is:

1. Mount the root filesystem on a temporary directory.
2. Make the root filesystem complete.
3. Use `chroot` to make it the actual root directory.
4. Continue with troubleshooting.

Provided the shell:

	lsblk              # see what devices we have
	fdisk -l /dev/sda  # look for boot and LVM drives

We find that the boot device is `/dev/sda1`. And we already know that the beginning of `/dev/sda` is busted. Onward:

	lvs                # show LVM info, note root volume in 'cs' group
		LV   VG   Attr   ...
		root cs   ...
		swap cs   ...
		
	mount /dev/cs/root /mnt # go for broke, try mounting volume root
	
The attempt to mount `/dev/cs/root`failed with `special device /dev/cs/root does not exist.` Continuing..

	vgdisplay cs       # is the volume group active?
	vgchange -a y cs   # activate the 'cs' volume group
	mount /dev/cs/root /mnt  # works now
	ls /mnt            # show stuff
	ls /mnt/boot /mnt/dev /mnt/proc # All empty! Let's populate them..
	mount -o bind /proc /mnt/proc
	mount -o bind /dev/ /mnt/dev
	mount /dev/sda1 /mnt/boot  # we assume /dev/sda1 is intact
	cd /mnt
	chroot .
	grub2-install /dev/sda

The `grub2-install` command resulted in a lot of `Unknown device` logs but finished with `Installation finished. No error reported.` Inspected results with:

	xxd -l 512 /dev/sda  # eyeball for GRUB stuff

Can't we use GRUB to re-install from the boot disk? Yes, probably. But we don't know if there's version differences between what is on the boot disk and what is on the system that we're troubleshooting.