
* When a new process is started (forked) it is scheduled and after being
  scheduled, it will get a runnable state (R).

  * In this state it is wating in the queue to be scheduled.

* Runnable processes will get a time slice, which allows them to get a running
  state, in either kernel space or user space.

* Runnable processes can get preempted or rescheduled.

  * In that case, they will return to a runnable state and wait in the queue
    for a new time slice.

* A runnable process can be stopped (`ctrl-z`) and will show as `TASK_STOPPED
  (T)` and after being stopped it can receive another signal to resume and
  return to a runnable state.

* While running, the process may have to wait.

  * This is also referred to as "blocking" state, but "blocking" is not an
    official state in the Linux kernel.

* Waiting processes can have different flags

  * `TASK_INTERRUPTIBLE (S)`: the process is waiting for a hardware request,
    system resource access, or a signal

  * `TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE (D)`: the process is waitng but does not respond to
    signals

  * `TASK_KILLABLE (K)`: the process is waiting but may be killed

  * `TASK_REPORT_IDLE (I)`: used for kernel threads, this process will not
    count for the load avaerage (so you can basically ignore it)

* When a process exits, it will briefly enter the `EXIT_ZOMBIE (Z)` state.
  This is where it signals the parent process that it exits and all resources
  except for the PID are released.

* In the next stage a process will enter the `EXIT_DEAD (X)` state. In this
  state it will be reaped and all remaining processes are cleaned up.

* A process becomes a zombie when it has completed a task, but the parent
  process hasn't collected its execution status.

* Zombies are already dead so they can't and don't have to be killed.

* The most important disadvantage of zombies is that they occupy a PID. And
  you might run out of PIDs.

* To get rid of the zombie, the parent process must collect the child
  execution status.

  * Send SIGCHLD to the parent to ask the parent to reap the zombie.

  * Or kill the parent process. When the parent is killed, the zombie becomes
    an orphan and will be adopted by the init process.

```
```

